>> Speaker 1: Let's just try and
add a bit of animation,
>> Speaker 1: And
then once we do some animation
we'll just export it as a GIF.
And then we can move a little
bit into shaders and
we'll try and sort of take a bit more
chill in the rest of the afternoon.
Just cuz I'm sure it's like a lot of
knowledge to absorb all in one go.
So what I'm gonna do is just
remember this settings here.
We have it set to true, which means
starts it up with a random loop.
So actually right now even
if though looks the same,
it's rendering 60 time a second and
it's rendering the scene many, many times.
And what we can do is just rotate
our entire scene just to produce
some animation.
So we can do scene, which is, remember
it's something we defined up there.
We can do scene.rotation.y = time.
And this is where our thumb trick
gets really, really useful.
So I'm saying rotation.y = time.
You can change this to be
a different coordinate, like x or z.
And you'll start to see
it looks a bit different.
And so going back to our thumb trick.
If you go back to doing
this finger pointing and
you remember that the thumb is the y-axis,
that means we're actually rotating
our entire scene around that axis.
And it's the same if we
were to set this to be x.
Imagine you take your middle finger and
you're just cranking it like you would a
motorcycle handle or something like that.
And it's rotating the entire object
like that, it's the same with zed.
So I am totally guilty of constantly
when I'm doing creative coding,
you'll see me sometimes just
with my hand there like this.
And I'll be trying to visualize what
I'm trying to do based on my thumbs and
fingers.
So now we have a loop, basically, and
we can make this a bit more complicated.
But before we do that, I just wanna
talk about how do we export loops and
how do we create a GIF?
Because quite often,
when you're showing a client something,
you can show them the website.
Or if you're sharing something over
Twitter, or if you're showing something
over email, maybe you wanna show them a
GIF, or maybe you wanna show them an MP4.
And generally speaking,
I've been doing a lot more GIFs and
a lot more animation lately.
And it's kind of opened me up into this
new world of motion graphics, where a lot
of clients, they might see a web page
even though the web page is real time.
They might not really think of
it as real-time motion graphics.
And for some reason, when you show them
a GIF, or when you show them an MP4,
they start to realize that they can
use that in their own branding.
Whether it's for a commercial, or whether
it's for something that they're projecting
on a wall, or showing at a screen at
a client event or something like that.